SO, YOUR FIRST
SEXUAL EXPERIENCE
WAS WITH A WOMAN?
ALL RIGHT, I WAS 15.
IT WAS MY BEST FRIEND RUTH
AND WE GOT DRUNK
ON THAT HARD CIDER
AND THEN SUDDENLY,
I DON'T KNOW--
WE WERE MAKING OUT.
TELL IT AGAIN.
SERIOUSLY.
IS THAT WOMAN
CAPABLE OF TALKING
ABOUT ANYTHING ELSE BUT SEX?
YEAH, SURE.
WELL, YOU KNOW, EARLIER
SHE WAS TALKING
ABOUT GEOGRAPHY.
JOEY, SHE WAS LISTING
THE COUNTRIES SHE'S DONE IT IN.
WELL, I THINK WE ALL
LEARNED SOMETHING.
HEY, YOU GUYS,
LOOK WHAT I FOUND.
LOOK AT THIS--
THAT'S MY MOM'S WRITING.
LOOK.
"ME AND FRANK AND PHOEBE,
GRADUATION, 1965."
DO YOU KNOW
WHAT THAT MEANS?
THAT YOU'RE ACTUALLY 50?
NO, NO. THAT'S
NOT ME PHOEBE.
THAT'S HER PAL PHOEBE.
ACCORDING TO HER
HIGH SCHOOL YEARBOOK
THEY WERE, LIKE, B.F.F.
"BEST FRIENDS FOREVER."
OH.
THAT'S GREAT.
THAT'S SO COOL.
I KNOW. SO THIS WOMAN
PROBABLY HAS ALL KINDS
OF STORIES ABOUT MY PARENTS
AND SHE MIGHT EVEN KNOW
WHERE MY DAD IS.
SO I LOOKED HER UP.
SHE LIVES
BY THE BEACH.
THIS WEEKEND, WE COULD
GO TO THE BEACH.
WE CAN, YEAH.
SHOOT, I CAN'T GO--
I HAVE TO WORK.
THAT'S TOO BAD.
AWW, BIG FAT BUMMER.
SO, GREAT. OKAY.
TOMORROW WE'LL DRIVE OUT
TO MONTAUK.
HEY, BONNIE HAD SEX THERE.
♪ SO NO ONE TOLD YOU
LIFE WAS GONNA BE THIS WAY ♪
♪ YOUR JOB'S A JOKE,
YOU'RE BROKE ♪
♪ YOUR LOVE LIFE'S D.O.A. ♪
♪ IT'S LIKE YOU'RE ALWAYS
STUCK IN SECOND GEAR ♪
♪ WHEN IT HASN'T BEEN YOUR DAY ♪
♪ YOUR WEEK, YOUR MONTH,
OR EVEN YOUR YEAR ♪
♪ BUT I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ WHEN THE RAIN
STARTS TO POUR ♪
♪ I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ LIKE I'VE BEEN THERE BEFORE ♪
♪ 'CAUSE YOU'RE THERE
FOR ME, TOO. ♪
WOULD YOU LOOK
AT THAT?
I'M NEVER GOING TO FIND
A BOYFRIEND AGAIN.
I'LL DIE AN OLD MAID.
YOU'RE NOT GOING
TO DIE AN OLD MAID.
MAYBE AN OLD...
SPINSTER COOK.
THANKS.
BESIDES, WORSE
COMES TO WORST
I'LL BE YOUR BOYFRIEND.
( guffaws )
YEAH, RIGHT.
( laughing harder )
WHY IS THAT SO FUNNY?
YOU MADE A JOKE, RIGHT?
SO I LAUGHED.
( laughs )
( forced laugh )
A LITTLE TOO HARD.
WHAT AM I, NOT, UH,
BOYFRIEND MATERIAL?
NO. YOU'RE CHANDLER.
YOU KNOW... CHANDLER.
OKAY, SO WE'VE
ESTABLISHED MY
NAME AND HIT ME.
BUT THEORETICALLY,
SAY, WE WEREN'T FRIENDS.
SAY, IT'S A BLIND DATE,
I SHOW UP AT YOUR DOOR
AND I'M, LIKE, UH
( deep-voiced ):
"HEY, NICE TO
MEET YOU. HEY..."
I'D PROBABLY BE
SCARED OF THE GUY
USING A FAKE VOICE.
HEY.
HEY. OH, GOOD.
YOU BOUGHT FOOD.
NO. JUST MY LUGGAGE.
HEY.
HI.
HEY, GUYS.
WHOO!
ALL RIGHT. YES.
I AM HAVING THE BEST KARMA
THIS WEEK.
FIRST, I FIND THIS WOMAN
WHO KNEW MY PARENTS
AND THEN MY CLIENT
WITH THE FUZZY BACK
GIVES ME
HIS BEACH HOUSE.
UH-HUH. WHAT ABOUT
THAT BIKE MESSENGER YOU HIT?
OH, I WASN'T TALKING
ABOUT HIS KARMA.
HEY.
HEY, CHECK OUT
THE HAT.
WAIT A MINUTE.
I KNOW THAT HAT.
I WAS TAKEN
ABOARD THAT HAT.
THEY DID EXPERIMENTS ON ME.
I CAN'T HAVE CHILDREN!
SERIOUSLY, WHERE
DID YOU GET THE HAT?
ROSS GAVE IT TO ME.
I THINK SHE LOOKS GOOD.
OH, THANK YOU.
HE BUY IT FOR YOU OR...
OR WIN IT FOR YOU?
WELL, EXCUSE ME, MY
FASHION-IMPAIRED FRIENDS.
I'M HERE TO TELL YOU
THAT HATS WERE BACK.
AND THIS TIME
THEY'VE GANGED UP
AND FORMED
ONE GIANT SUPERHAT.
GO, GO, GO!
NOW EVERYBODY WANTS
TO BE UNDER THE HAT.
WHOA.
OY.
WHAT'S WITH
ALL THIS SAND?
OH, YEAH, BOB SAID THERE
MIGHT BE FLOOD DAMAGE.
EITHER THAT
OR HE HAS A REALLY BIG CAT.
WELL, YES, IT'S KIND OF
AN USUAL HOUSE.
IT HAS, UM, THREE BEAUTIFUL
BEDROOMS AND, UH, NO BATHS.
BUT, YOU KNOW,
THE OCEAN IS RIGHT THERE.
IT'S, IT... WELL...
KNOCK, KNOCK, KNOCK.
OH. HANG ON A SECOND.
COME IN, COME IN.
ALL RIGHT, THINK ABOUT IT
AND CALL ME BACK.
ARE YOU, UH,
PHOEBE ABBOTT?
UH, YES.
SURPRISE,
PHOEBE ABBOTT.
I'M YOUR BEST
FRIEND'S DAUGHTER.
YOU'RE IRWIN'S DAUGHTER?
SORRY. NO.
I-I'M YOUR OLD
BEST FRIEND...
HERE. LILY?
FROM HIGH SCHOOL?
REMEMBER?
OH, GOD. LILY.
YES, OF COURSE I REMEMBER LILY.
I...
THEN YOU MUST BE...
PHOEBE, PHOEBE.
PHOEBE. YEAH.
SHE NAMED ME
AFTER YOU, I GUESS.
UH-HUH.
WOW. WELL, LOOK, THERE'S FRANK.
YEAH.
YES! YES! YES!
THAT'S MY DAD.
THAT'S FRANK, YEAH.
I'M SORRY.
I'M GETTING ALL FLINGY.
TAKE IT EASY.
IF YOU WANT,
THERE'S COOKIES ON THE COUNTER.
OR SANGRIA.
I COULD MAKE SANGRIA.
NO, NO.
COOKIES ARE GOOD.
THANKS.
OH, UM...
ANYWAY, UM, I'VE BEEN
LOOKING FOR MY FATHER
AND, UM...
HAVE YOU HEARD
FROM HIM OR SEEN HIM?
OH, NO. I'M SORRY.
I... I GUESS I LOST TRACK
OF EVERYBODY AFTER HIGH SCHOOL.
OH.
OKAY.
WELL, SO, TELL ME EVERYTHING
ABOUT MY PARENTS. EVERYTHING.
OH, WELL,
WE WERE ALWAYS TOGETHER.
IN FACT, THE OTHER KIDS
HAD A NICKNAME
FOR THE THREE OF US.
OH, WHAT? WHAT WAS IT?
"THE THREE LOSERS."
OH, POOR LILY.
OH...
YOU KNOW, I HEARD
ABOUT WHAT HAPPENED.
THAT MUST HAVE BEEN
JUST TERRIBLE FOR YOU
LOSING YOUR MOTHER
THAT WAY.
YEAH, NO.
IT WAS GREAT.
HEY, YOU KNOW WHAT
A REALLY GOOD RAINY DAY GAME IS?
WHAT?
I MEAN NAKED GAME?
STRIP POKER.
WE SHOULD TOTALLY PLAY
NO.
ARE YOU CRAZY?
NO WAY.
WHEN YOU GO AWAY,
YOU HAVE TO PLAY.
IT'S, LIKE, A LAW.
ALL DONE.
OH, THANK YOU.
OKAY, WHO'S NEXT?
NO.
NO WAY.
COME ON, PLEASE.
I'M BORED.
YOU LET ME DO IT
ONCE BEFORE.
YEAH, WELL, IF, UH, IF THAT'S
THE RULE THIS WEEKEND.
GET AWAY.
TAKE IT
LIKE A MAN.
NO! NO!
OH, COME ON.
BIG BULLIES!
( grunts )
( squeals )
OW! OW!
NO, NO, NO, NO, NO.
NO, NO, NO...
( grunting )
OW!
HEY.
SO, HOW ARE WE DOING?
BORED AND BORED.
HEY, YOU KNOW WHAT
NAKED CARD GAME'S
NEVER BORING?
All:
NO!
SO, WHAT'S
PHOEBE LIKE?
I'M KIND, CARING AND SWEET.
WHAT'S MONICA LIKE?
NO, THE OTHER PHOEBE--
THE ONE YOU WENT TO GO SEE.
OH. I THINK
SHE KNOWS WHERE MY DAD IS.
REALLY?
COOL.
WHERE IS HE?
SHE WAS PRETENDING LIKE
SHE HASN'T HEARD FROM HIM
IN YEARS
BUT I FOUND THIS PICTURE
ON HER FRIDGE.
AND LOOK, ISN'T THIS
WHAT HE WOULD
LOOK LIKE NOW?
TOTALLY FAMILIAR.
OH, YEAH.
AH, YEAH.
YEAH.
WHY WOULD SHE LIE TO YOU?
I DON'T KNOW, BUT WE'RE HAVING
DINNER TOMORROW NIGHT
SO I FIGURED
SHE'LL TELL ME THEN.
MAYBE SHE JUST WANTED TO GIVE
HIM TIME TO... BUY ME PRESENTS.
OH...
SO, YOU'RE ALL BORED?
( all groan )
I'M GOING TO CLOSE MY EYES
AND POINT TO SOMEONE,
AND WHOEVER I POINT TO
HAS TO COME UP
WITH SOMETHING FUN FOR US TO DO
AND WE HAVE TO DO IT.
OKAY. FAIR ENOUGH.
FAIR ENOUGH.
OKAY.
OOH, YOU KNOW,
WE COULD JUST DO THIS.
OKAY, UM...
WE ALL HAVE TO PLAY STRIP POKER.
AAH, YES!
STRIP "HAPPY DAYS" GAME?!
YEAH. WELL, I COULDN'T FIND
ANY CARDS.
SO, IT WAS EITHER THIS
OR STRIP BAG
OF OLD KNITTING STUFF.
♪ DONE. ♪
OKAY...
"FONZIE GIVES YOU
TWO THUMBS UP.
COLLECT TWO COOL POINTS."
YEAH.
MONICA, YOU GET
FIVE COOL POINTS
YOU GET TO MAKE SOMEONE
TAKE OFF ONE ITEM
OF CLOTHING.
IT HASN'T HAPPENED YET
BUT WE'RE ALL
VERY EXCITED.
OKAY, COME ON.
DADDY NEEDS A NEW PAIR
OF ELECTROMAGNETIC MICROSCOPES
FOR THE PREHISTORIC
FORENSICS DEPARTMENT.
OKAY. "TAKE PINKY TUSCADERO
UP TO INSPIRATION POINT.
COLLECT THREE
COOL POINTS."
YEAH! WHICH
GIVES ME FIVE
AND LET'S SEE WHO IS GOING
TO LOSE THEIR CLOTHES.
UM...
I THINK I PICK
OUR STRIP POKER SPONSOR
MR. JOEY TRIBBIANI.
WHOO-HOO!
( whooping )
ALL RIGHT, RELAX.
IT'S JUST A SHOE.
( all whooping )
OKAY, "YOUR BAND
IS PLAYING AT ARNOLD'S.
COLLECT THREE
COOL POINTS."
WHICH MEANS
I HAVE FIVE
AND THAT MEANS
I GET JOEY'S BOXERS.
FINE. GANG UP ON ME.
I GOT YOU ALL
RIGHT WHERE I WANT YOU.
COME ON,
TAKE THEM OFF.
ACTUALLY,
IT'S KIND OF COLD
SO HOW ABOUT
I KEEP MY BOXERS ON
AND GIVE YOU ALL A PEEK
AT THE GOOD STUFF?
ALL RIGHT, I'M GOING
TO MAKE MORE MARGARITAS.
WHOA, HEY,
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
TRYING TO GET ME DRUNK?
I'M JUST MAKING MARGARITAS.
I THINK I'LL HELP HER OUT.
WHAT IS GOING ON HERE?
WHAT?
YOU PAINTING
HIS TOENAILS...
OH, COME ON.
CHASING HIM
AROUND THE ROOM...
MONICA, PLEASE.
HE'S TOTALLY FLIRTING
WITH YOU, TOO.
HE IS, ISN'T HE?
I DON'T KNOW.
I MEAN, MAYBE IT'S
JUST BEING HERE
AT THE BEACH
TOGETHER OR...
I DON'T KNOW,
BUT IT'S LIKE
SOMETHING...
HEY.
HI.
( panting )
Ross:
HI, BONNIE.
HI.
MY BOSS LET ME OFF EARLY
SO I TOOK THE TRAIN.
WHAT ARE YOU GUYS DOING?
WE'RE PLAYING STRIP
"HAPPY DAYS" GAME.
COOL. I'LL CATCH UP.
SO, YOU STILL DON'T THINK I'M...
BOYFRIEND MATERIAL?
HUH?
SAW YOU CHECKING ME OUT
DURING THE GAME LAST NIGHT.
YOU DIDN'T EVEN
TAKE OFF YOUR PANTS.
YEAH, WELL, LUCKY FOR YOU.
WHAT?
I DON'T KNOW.
WELL, IS EVERYBODY ELSE
HAVING JUST THE BEST TIME?
SHH. SHH.
JOEY'S ASLEEP.
AFTER HE PASSED OUT
WE PUT THE SAND AROUND HIM
TO KEEP HIM WARM.
WELL, I ASSUME THE HAPPY COUPLE
ISN'T UP YET.
DID YOU GUYS HEAR THEM
LAST NIGHT?
OH, YEAH.
I DON'T KNOW
WHAT THEY WERE DOING
BUT AT ONE POINT,
SEA TURTLES ACTUALLY CAME UP
TO THE HOUSE.
MORNING.
HEY. HOW DID
EVERYBODY SLEEP?
OH, GREAT.
LIKE A LOG.
Both:
US, TOO.
I'M GOING FOR A WALK.
GOOD MORNING.
NICE BREASTS, BY THE WAY.
HEY, WHAT HAPPENED TO YOU?
OH, UH, NOTHING.
I JUST FELT LIKE HANGING
OUT HERE AND READING.
THE WATER WAS SO GREAT.
WE JUMPED OFF THIS PIER
AND MY SUIT CAME OFF.
OH...
SORRY I MISSED THAT.
YEAH. JOEY AND CHANDLER
SURE ARE FUNNY.
OH.
I THINK I BROUGHT BACK
HALF OF THE BEACH IN MY HAIR.
IT WAS SO MUCH EASIER
WHEN I USED
TO SHAVE MY HEAD.
YOU KNOW...
I GOT TO TELL YOU
I JUST LOVED YOUR LOOK
WHEN YOU WERE BALD.
REALLY?
OH!
BECAUSE I THINK ABOUT
SHAVING IT ALL OFF AGAIN
SOMETIMES.
REALLY?
YEAH.
I MEAN,
YOU DEFINITELY SHOULD DO THAT.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I SHOULD DO IT.
YEAH!
THANK YOU, RACHEL.
YOU ARE SO COOL.
OH, STOP.
NOW GO SHAVE THAT HEAD.
ALL RIGHT.
WHAT'S THE MATTER, PHEEBS?
SHE CANCELED.
MY NAMESAKE CANCELED ON ME.
SHE CLAIMS SHE HAD TO GO
OUT OF TOWN SUDDENLY.
SHE'S AVOIDING ME.
SHE DOESN'T WANT TO TELL ME
WHERE MY FATHER IS.
SHE KNOWS
AND SHE WON'T TELL ME.
AW, PHEEBS, THAT SUCKS.
YEAH, WELL, DON'T
"AW, PHEEBS THAT SUCKS" ME YET.
WHERE ARE YOU GOING?
SHE'S OUT OF TOWN.
THERE MUST BE SOMETHING
IN HER HOUSE
THAT TELLS ME
WHERE MY FATHER IS.
UH, PHEEBS,
SOME PEOPLE CALL THAT
BREAKING AND ENTERING.
WELL, ARE ANY
OF THOSE PEOPLE HERE?
OH, NO.
NO, NO.
LOOK, I'LL DO
SOMETHING NICE, OKAY?
I'LL-I'LL...
FILL HER ICE TRAYS. GOOD.
HEY, EVERYBODY.
WOW!
WHA...?!
( laughing )
LOOK WHAT YOU DID.
YOU WANT TO TOUCH IT?
NO.
BUT IT'S GREAT.
COME ON, TOUCH IT.
OKAY.
YOU COULD FEEL ALL THE BONES
IN YOUR SKULL.
HI.
I WAS HAVING A LITTLE CHAT
WITH BONNIE
AND GUESS WHAT?
SHE HAPPENED TO BRING UP,
YOU KNOW, WHO WAS BEHIND
THE WHOLE, UM,
HEAD SHAVING IDEA.
NOW, WHO WAS IT?
OH, THAT'S RIGHT.
IT WAS YOU.
LOOK, THAT...
THAT WAS HER IDEA.
I JUST GAVE HER A NUDGE.
SHE SAID
YOU GAVE HER THE RAZOR.
HEY.
SO, ANYONE UP
FOR A MIDNIGHT DIP IN THE OCEAN?
UH, I'M GOOD.
NO, THANKS.
OKAY, I'LL SEE YOU
IN A BIT.
OKAY, HAVE FUN. BYE!
COME ON, SEE?
SHE DOESN'T LOOK...
THAT BAD.
YOU CAN SEE THE MOONLIGHT
BOUNCING OFF HER HEAD.
WHAT THE HELL WERE YOU THINKING?
I DON'T KNOW.
YOU DON'T KNOW.
YOU BALDED MY GIRLFRIEND.
ALL RIGHT, ROSS!
DO YOU THINK IT'S EASY FOR ME
TO SEE YOU WITH SOMEBODY ELSE?
YOU KNOW WHAT?
YOU'RE THE ONE WHO ENDED IT,
REMEMBER?
YEAH, BECAUSE I WAS MAD AT YOU
NOT BECAUSE
I STOPPED LOVING YOU!
YOU STILL LOVE ME?
NO.
YOU STILL LOVE ME.
OH. YEAH?
SO?
YOU LOVE ME.
NO.
N...
WHAT DOES THIS MEAN?
WHAT ARE YOU...?
I MEAN, DO YOU WANT TO...
GET BACK TOGETHER?
NO.
MAYBE.
I DON'T... I DON'T KNOW.
ROSS...
I STILL CAN'T FORGIVE YOU
FOR WHAT YOU DID.
I...
BUT SOMETIMES WHEN I'M WITH YOU
I JUST... I FEEL...
WHAT? WHAT?
I JUST...
WHAT?
I FEEL...
NO.
I DON'T CARE.
I'M NOT PLAYING ONE-ON-ONE
STRIP POKER WITH YOU
FOR PRACTICE.
BUT I MADE CARDS.
WELL...
GOOD NIGHT.
I'M GOING UPSTAIRS.
WANT TO PLAY STRIP POKER
FOR PRACTICE?
OW! OH!
MY ASS.
OKAY.
OOH! SHH!
SHH.
( clinking continues )
( shrieks )
NO! OH! IT'S ME! IT'S ME!
I DIDN'T WANT
TO MAKE ANY NOISE!
THEN DON'T BREAK IN!
I'M SORRY.
WHAT ARE YOU
DOING HERE?
I... I... CAME TO FILL
YOUR ICE CUBE TRAY.
WHAT?
UM...
OKAY.
OKAY, LOOK...
I TOOK THIS PICTURE
FROM YOUR FRIDGE, OKAY?
BECAUSE I KNOW
THAT THIS IS MY FATHER.
THIS IS FRANK BUFFAY
AND YOU ARE STANDING
RIGHT THERE NEXT TO HIM.
LOOK, I DESERVE TO KNOW
WHERE I CAME FROM, ALL RIGHT?
SO IF YOU CAN HELP ME
FIND MY FATHER
THEN YOU SHOULD.
OTHERWISE, YOU'RE JUST... MEAN.
SO JUST TELL ME THE TRUTH.
ALL RIGHT, THE MAN
IN THAT PICTURE
IS CHUCK MANGIONE.
MY FATHER IS CHUCK MANGIONE?
NO, NO. THAT'S JUST
CHUCK MANGIONE.
I SOLD HIM A HOUSE
LAST YEAR.
AND I'M VERY SORRY
BUT I REALLY DON'T KNOW
WHERE YOUR FATHER IS.
AND THAT'S THE TRUTH.
OH.
BUT, UM, YOU'RE RIGHT.
I THINK THAT A PERSON SHOULD
KNOW WHERE THEY COME FROM.
WHICH IS WHY I, UH...
UH...
OKAY...
I'M YOUR MOTHER.
HEH?
SEE, YOU KNOW, I WANTED
TO TELL YOU YESTERDAY
BUT I JUST...
YOU KNOW, I FELT ALL FLOOPY.
Joey:
I'M TELLING YOU
YOU GUYS ARE TOTALLY
GETTING BACK TOGETHER.
THAT'S NOT TRUE.
SHE DOESN'T EVEN KNOW
WHAT SHE WANTS.
SHE'S STILL MAD
ABOUT THE WHOLE THING.
OKAY, WELL, THEN YOU GOT
TO BACK AWAY, ALL RIGHT?
YOU DON'T NEED
THAT KIND OF HURT.
TAKE IT FROM GUY WHO'S...
NEVER HAD
A LONG-TERM RELATIONSHIP.
I KNOW, BUT...
I REALLY WANT TO GO UP THERE
AND FINISH THAT KISS.
HEY.
YOU GUYS, THE WATER IS GREAT.
YOU SHOULD REALLY GO IN.
OH, UH, NO, THANKS.
I JUST HAD AN M & M.
OKAY.
WELL, GOOD NIGHT.
GOOD NIGHT.
DON'T BE TOO LONG.
OKEY-DOKEY.
THERE IS NOT ONE HAIR
ON THAT HEAD.
HEY, IT'LL GROW BACK, RIGHT?
AND SHE'S-SHE'S REALLY FUN
AND SHE'S COOL
AND-AND I'M FINALLY
MOVING ON, YOU KNOW?
I MEAN, GETTING OVER RACHEL
WAS SO... AH...
I'M FINALLY
FEELING SANE AGAIN.
AND NOW IF I GO UP THERE
AND I KISS HER AND...
GOD, I WANT TO KISS HER.
AND-AND IT DOESN'T
WORK OUT, RIGHT
DO I REALLY WANT TO PUT MYSELF
THROUGH THAT AGAIN?
SO LET ME
GET THIS STRAIGHT.
IF YOU GO WITH
BONNIE TONIGHT
YOU'RE DOING THE SMART,
HEALTHY THING
AND MOVING ON, RIGHT?
AND IF YOU GO WITH RACHEL,
BONNIE'S FREE TONIGHT?
HI.
( deeply ):
HI THERE.
THAT'S THAT
WEIRD VOICE AGAIN.
OKAY, OKAY.
LET ME TRY IT AGAIN.
YOU'RE GOING TO WANT TO DATE
THIS NEXT GUY, I SWEAR.
OKAY, COME ON.
( knocking )
HI. I'M DORF...
YOUR DATE
FOR THE EVENING.
OH, COME ON--
DORF ON DATING?
THAT'S GOOD STUFF.
[Captioned by
The Caption Center
WGBH Educational Foundation]